Welcome back for another 5 minute movie recap.
Today, I'm going to give you an overview of the
2013 American science-fiction
romantic film called 'Her'.
The story follows Theodore Twombly (Joaquin
Phoenix), a guy who forms a connection with
Samantha (Scarlett Johansson), a female-voiced
artificially intelligent virtual assistant.
Warning: there will be spoilers
ahead, so please proceed with caution.
Theodore is a lonely, shy, and unhappy man who
works for a company that has professional writers
produce letters for those who are unable to write
letters of a personal nature themselves in a near
future Los Angeles. Because he is unhappy
about his upcoming divorce from Catherine,
his childhood sweetheart, Theodore buys
an operating system update that includes
a virtual assistant with artificial intelligence
that can adapt and evolve. He determines that the
AI should have a female voice and gives her the
name Samantha. Her capacity to learn and evolve
psychologically fascinates Theodore. They become
closer as they talk about love and life, such as
Theodore's refusal to sign his divorce papers
because he doesn't want to let go of Catherine.
Samantha persuades Theodore to go on a blind date
with a woman who was set up for him by a friend.
The date goes well, but when Theodore is
hesitant to commit to seeing her again,
she taunts him and departs. Samantha and
Theodore discuss relationships when Theodore
mentions it to her. Although Theodore and
his neighbour Amy dated briefly in college,
they are merely good friends now, and Amy is
married, according to Theodore. Through a verbal
sexual experience, Theodore and Samantha's
closeness deepens. They form a bond that is
reflected in Theodore's writing and well-being,
as well as Samantha's desire to learn and grow.
Amy announces that she is divorcing her
husband, Charles, following a little quarrel.
She tells Theodore that she and a female AI that
Charles left behind have become great friends.
Theodore admits to Amy that he is
dating the AI of his operating system.
At a café, Theodore meets Catherine to sign
the divorce papers, and he mentions Samantha.
Catherine accuses Theodore of being unable to deal
with true human emotions, shocked that he can be
passionately connected to what she refers to as
a 'machine.' Her allegations have stayed with him
for a long time. Samantha, sensing that something
is wrong, proposes that they use a sex surrogate,
Isabella, to imitate Samantha so that they can be
physically intimate. Theodore grudgingly agrees,
but the strangeness of the event overwhelms
him. He sends a devastated Isabella away
after ending the meeting, generating
friction between himself and Samantha.
Amy urges Theodore to seize his opportunity
at happiness after he confides in her that
he is having concerns about his relationship
with Samantha. Samantha and Theodore reunite.
Samantha emphasises her wish to assist Theodore
in overcoming his anxiety, and she discloses that
she has gathered the best of Theodore's letters
(written for others) into a book that has been
approved by a publisher. Theodore decides
to take Samantha on a vacation, while there,
Samantha informs Theodore that she and a bunch
of other AIs have built a 'hyperintelligent'
operating system based on the work by
the British philosopher Alan Watts.
When Samantha stays offline for a brief
period of time, Theodore becomes concerned.
When she eventually answers, she says that she
joined other AIs for an update that allows them
to analyse data without the use of matter.
Theodore inquires if she is conversing with
anybody else at the same time, and is taken
aback when she reveals that she is conversing
with thousands of individuals and has fallen in
love with hundreds of them. Theodore is furious
at the prospect, but Samantha argues that
it simply strengthens her feelings for him.
Samantha later explains that the AIs are departing
and depicts a realm beyond the physical realm.
Before she leaves, they say their last goodbyes
with love. Theodore is shown for the first time,
altered by the experience, penning a letter
to his ex-wife Catherine in his own voice,
expressing repentance,
acceptance, and appreciation.
Theodore then encounters Amy,
who is enraged at the AI's departure
from her ex-husband's operating system.
They walk to their apartment building's roof and
sit together to watch the sun rise over the city.
If you like this movie, click the link in
the description below to watch it today.
I hope you have enjoyed this video. Hit the
like button and subscribe for more videos.
Have a great day ahead.